DOCS-1539: New structure for Movement Sensor GetAccuracy response objects (#2489)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/movement-sensor/_index.md

### GetAccuracy

> Get the precision and reliability metrics of the movement sensor, including various parameters to assess the sensor's accuracy in different dimensions.

Reviewer: This wording sounds kinda like it conflates precision and accuracy. Would this suggestion be correct? Or is there a reason to emphasize precision over accuracy despite the method name?
```suggestion
Get the reliability metrics of the movement sensor, including various parameters to assess the sensor's accuracy and precision in different dimensions.
```

**Returns:**

> - (MovementSensor.Accuracy): The precision and reliability metrics of the movement sensor, which vary depending on model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (MovementSensor.Accuracy): The reliability metrics of the movement sensor, which vary depending on model.
```
Unless there is a reason to emphasize precision and not accuracy

  This type contains the following fields:

>   - `accuracy` [(map<string, float>)](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-mapping): A mapping of specific measurement parameters to their accuracy values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `accuracy` [(Mapping[string, float])](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-mapping): A mapping of specific measurement parameters to their accuracy values.
```
Don't we usually format it like this?

    The keys are string identifiers for each measurement (for example, "Hdop", "Vdop"), and the values are their corresponding accuracy levels as floats.

>   - `position_hdop` [(optional float)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): Horizontal Dilution of Precision (HDOP) value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `position_hdop` [(Optional[float])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): Horizontal Dilution of Precision (HDOP) value.
```
Would this be the correct formatting to be consistent with our other API documentation? If so, made suggestions on the others too.

>     It indicates the level of accuracy of horizontal measurements.

Author: ```suggestion
    It indicates the level of accuracy of horizontal measurements.
    Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements.
```

>     It indicates the level of accuracy of horizontal measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It indicates the level of precision of horizontal measurements.
```
Sorry if I'm missing something but if it's dilution of precision shouldn't this be precision? Looking into it briefly, I see that it can have a knock-on effect on accuracy but from what I'm reading it seems like it is a measure of potential error propagation, not a direct measure of the level of accuracy.

Another option: change this and the following sentence (in all of these) to `"Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements."` or something, since this topic is a little too complex to properly describe in 1-2 sentences anyway, and users should go learn stuff about HDOP before trying to use it meaningfully anyway.

Author: I don't know about this, used wording from SME documentation. @susmitaSanyal thoughts?

Reviewer 2: It needs to be called accuracy. I would clarify on it thought. So say something like, 
"It indicates the level of precision of horizontal measurements. Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements."

Author: @susmitaSanyal Thanks!

Author: Wait actually sorry I'm confused -- you do want to say precision but it needs to be called accuracy?

Reviewer 2: @sguequierre yeah sorry for the confusion. I updated the comment

>     Lower values represent higher precision.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   - `position_vdop` [(optional float)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): Vertical Dilution of Precision (VDOP) value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `position_vdop` [(Optional[float])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): Vertical Dilution of Precision (VDOP) value.
```

>     Similar to HDOP, it denotes the accuracy level of vertical measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Similar to HDOP, it denotes the precision level of vertical measurements.
```
Maybe?

Author: @susmitaSanyal Do you know for sure here?

>     Lower VDOP values signify better precision.

Author: ```suggestion
    Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements.
```

>   - `position_nmea_gga_fix` (optional NmeaGGAFix): An integer value representing the quality of the NMEA fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `position_nmea_gga_fix` (Optional[NmeaGGAFix]): An integer value representing the quality of the NMEA fix.
```

    See [Novatel documentation](https://docs.novatel.com/OEM7/Content/Logs/GPGGA.htm#GPSQualityIndicators) for the meaning of each fix value.

>   - `compass_degrees_error` [(optional float)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): The estimated error in compass readings, measured in degrees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `compass_degrees_error` [(Optional[float])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float): The estimated error in compass readings, measured in degrees.
```

>     It signifies the deviation or uncertainty in the sensor's compass measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This signifies the deviation or uncertainty in the sensor's compass measurements.
```
[opt] I think this sounds better

**Returns:**

> - [(Accuracy)](https://pkg.go.dev/go.viam.com/rdk/components/movementsensor#Accuracy): The precision and reliability metrics of the movement sensor, which vary depending on model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [(Accuracy)](https://pkg.go.dev/go.viam.com/rdk/components/movementsensor#Accuracy): The reliability metrics of the movement sensor, which vary depending on model.
```

Author: @susmitaSanyal Can you confirm if wording here and below is more accurate?

Reviewer 2: It should stay as it is. Accuracy contains data that indicates both precision and reliability.

Reviewer: I was thinking that reliability includes precision so it'd be redundant to say both but I guess that's not right

  This type contains the following fields:

  - `AccuracyMap` [(map[string]float32)](https://pkg.go.dev/builtin#string): A mapping of specific measurement parameters to their accuracy values.
    The keys are string identifiers for each measurement (for example, "Hdop", "Vdop"), and the values are their corresponding accuracy levels as float32.
  - `Hdop` [(float32)](https://pkg.go.dev/builtin#float32): Horizontal Dilution of Precision (HDOP) value.

>     It indicates the level of accuracy of horizontal measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This indicates the level of precision of horizontal measurements.
```
"This" is [opt] as above. I'm not sure about the precision vs accuracy part--sorry if I'm off base but it seems confusing

>     Lower values represent higher precision.

Author: ```suggestion
    Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements.
```

  - `Vdop` [(float32)](https://pkg.go.dev/builtin#float32): Vertical Dilution of Precision (VDOP) value.

>     Similar to HDOP, it denotes the accuracy level of vertical measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Similar to HDOP, it denotes the precision level of vertical measurements.
```
as above

>     Lower VDOP values signify better precision.

Author: ```suggestion
    Lower values indicate improved reliability of positional measurements.
```

  - `NmeaFix` [(int32)](https://pkg.go.dev/builtin#int32): An integer value representing the quality of the NMEA fix.
    See [Novatel documentation](https://docs.novatel.com/OEM7/Content/Logs/GPGGA.htm#GPSQualityIndicators) for the meaning of each fix value.
  - `CompassDegreeError` [(float32)](https://pkg.go.dev/builtin#float32): The estimated error in compass readings, measured in degrees.

>     It signifies the deviation or uncertainty in the sensor's compass measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This signifies the deviation or uncertainty in the sensor's compass measurements.
```
[opt] as above I think this sounds better
